##Business Features
- **ConnectSecure**
- **REL-IDmobile**
	1. [ ] __ QuickSkin__
- **REL-IDdesktop**
- **REL-IDgateway**
- **REL-IDcore**
	1. [x] __Static Application Identity__ - Only REL-ID enabled appplication will contain a REL-ID issued secret key (REL-ID Admin will handover this to your application developer).  This enables verification of a valid enterprise-approved REL-ID application at the client end.  Someone with the REL-ID API SDK cannot connect to your enterprise without the secret key embedded inside the binary.
	2. [x] __Application Version Control__ – Only specific versions of your applications will be able to connect to your backend enterprise application server.  This extends the functionality of the static app identity to include versioning of your applications.
	3. [ ] __Simple Application Fingerprinting__ - Fingerprinting of the runtime environment of your application is part of the identity that is verified by the backend.  This includes looking at  
	4. [ ] __Advanced Application Fingerprinting__ - Fingerprinting of the runtime environment of your application is part of the identity that is verified by the backend.  This includes looking at 
- **REL-IDzero**
- **REL-IDpeer**
- **REL-IDsmart**
- **R&D**


##Integrations
1. **Gitlab** - we can host our own gitclient that is accessible only through rel-id enabled browsers or viewers.
	- We can also modify the Gitlab code to require a headless terminal auth process with REL-ID that then connects to the github.  This would be like enterprise gitlab capability.  Gitlab is (CC BY-SA 4.0) so we would sell the headless client separately and deliver it bundled with Gitlab (or modified Gitlab) that must be published.  The headless client would remain proprietary, the plugin and gitlab would not.
2. **Q-municate** - an opensource mobile video and chat app that runs on desktops and mobile.
3. **Nylas** - an opensource mail client for Linux and OSX (https://www.nylas.com/N1/getting-started/).  It is under GPL3 and thus copyleft protected.  Therefore we could not sell a modified Nylas client with REL-ID.  We could however, sell the gateway that would sit in the DMZ in front of an enterprise mail client.
4. **ThatInBox** - an opensource mail client for iOS (https://github.com/Ink/ThatInbox), but only integrates with gmail. It is 3 years old and not maintained, but is under MIT license and thus could be repurposed and sold as our mobile iOS mail client.
5. **ThatCloud** - an opensrouce cloud file storage client
6. **Authenticator** - Authenticator is a simple, free, and open source two-factor authentication app for iOS. It helps keep your online accounts secure by generating unique one-time passwords, which you use in combination with your other passwords to log into supporting websites. The simple combination of the password in your head and the rotating passwords generated by the app make it much harder for anyone but you to access your accounts.(https://github.com/mattrubin/Authenticator)
7. **Cheddar** - is a task manager app which syncs your tasks across multiple devices. (https://github.com/nothingmagical/cheddar-ios)
8. **reMail** - reMail is the email client for iOS built around MailCore and libetpan libraries. If you are building application witch requires email client functionality this project is good reference. (http://code.google.com/p/remail-iphone/)
9. **Pancake** - Pancake client application for managing SugarCRM projects on iOS. It’s designed to access various modules of SugarCRM with the possibility of adding, deleting, editing the data.(https://github.com/Imaginea/pancake-ios)
10. **Sign Plus** - an application for creating digital signatures on iOS powered devices.(https://github.com/sonnyfazio/SignPlus)
11. **Prey** - Prey project is created to help recover laptops and smartphones in case they are stolen. It activates remotely, enables in device camera and geo location. This version is for iOS devices. (https://github.com/prey/prey-ios-client)